*******
STAR Method !!!!!!!
*******9

Tell us something that was difficult for you that you overcame.

STAR method questions. it was relaxed 2 interviews and each one one was 1 hour interview using STAR method. make sure to study star method interview questions before the interview.

Interview Questions
tell me about a project that you worked on and faced a problem and how did you solve it.

Tell me about a time you disagreed with a team member.

What departments you are interested in?

They give you a general situation and you have to recall a time you experienced something similar, and how you resolved/worked through it. There are typically 2 interviewers and it is a 15 minute interview.

Tell me about a time where you worked on project within difficult group?
# ask about specific projects that interns from previous recruitings worked on, and how did they relate to the overall business strategy at John Deere.

. If they found something interested in from resume, they ask more questions

Behavior question about leadership and most difficult situation that you faced

All the interview questions were classic behavioral, "Tell us a time when..."

Tell me about a time where you worked on project within difficult group?
 

Q: Tell us about a time you had to work with difficult people?

Tell us about a time that you had to communicate effectively in a situation where you wanted someone to change a habit.

What is your most rewarding and meaningful experience. They for sure are looking for job related answers, which I wasn't able to figure out...

A lot of teamwork related questions 

All pretty straight forward questions. One was tell me about a mundane task... a bland task, so a task that most people would think to be bland. I think debugging is interesting, despite popular opinion.

Very easy process. Typical behavioral interview questions. Not something to worry about. A lot of teamwork related questions and questions about why you want to work for them, why you picked your major, etc. Want to see that you are a leader and work best when on a team. The entire interview process consisted of one 1:2 interview. I have heard of others who had initial phone interviews. One thing to be aware of: Almost everyone who is a part time student whom I have talked to is struggling to have enough work to fill their time. This seems to be a large problem with John Deere's part time student and internship positions.

The office design is amazing, it is incredibly nice and massive! The interview process involved 3 individuals and the STAR process. The interview was three parts and began with questions over my résumé, then normal team as past experience questions based on the star system. Finally wrapping up with casual personal questions and then they have me a chance to ask them questions.

Interview Questions
Give a time when you disagreed with someone.

Applied online through campus career center. Was invited to select a slot for interview. Went in and interviewed for about an hour with one engineer. Was asked various behavior based questions and also a question on my transcript about a poor grade I had gotten. Took about a month or two to hear back from the interview.
The questions were all pretty evenly difficult.

I applied online through my university's job/internship portal. After applying, it took a couple of days before I was called and had a short phone interview with the hiring that was really just background on what I was studying and why I applied to the position. The hiring manager then set up an intetview for the next week.

I had an interview with the hiring manager, and two other people that worked with the department. The two people ran through my resume (at 19 all I really had was waittressing) and asked basic situational questions while thehriing manager just sat and listened. Interview was about and hour, I got an offer the next day. The two interviewers were very easy going, one of them was younger so it made me feel a bit more at ease, and they did not rush me for answers if I had to think of a situation.
Tell me what you know about supply management.

The initial contact was done through an email, which was followed up by an initial phone interview/screen. They just wanted to check my credentials. They followed through with all of the former employees I had listed on my resume, so make sure they are all legitimate. The face-to-face interview took place about a month later. It was in a small room and I was interviewed by 3 employees including my soon to be boss, his boss, and an HR representative. It was fairly intimidating, but they were friendly about it. Dress up as much as possible.

Interview Questions
They asked a lot about team work and what I had done personally in the past to show that I can work well in a team. It was a difficult question to answer because they put you in a place where it might be necessary for you to brag a little about your past experiences. Personally, I wasn't very comfortable with this, but it worked out alright.


Tell me one of your weaknesses.

I received a phone screen followed by an actual interview, which was mostly behavioral after some resume based questions. It lasted maybe 40 minutes, and I got to ask some questions at the end. 

There was only one round of interview, and the process is not stressful at all. Half of the questions are about how you handle a group or team. They also mentioned about initiative and ability to prioritize tasks are important